custom query responses (#14)
avo-hq/docs: src/1.0/customization.md

end
```

## Custom query scopes
You may want to change the queries to add sorting or use gems like [friendly](https://github.com/norman/friendly_id).

> There are 2 possibilities to customize the queries in Avo:
> * customize query scope
> * customize find scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do that using `query_scope` and `find_scope`.
```

### Custom query scope

> If you need to replace the queries in order to sort or add custom functionality, define the `resolve_query_scope` on the resource definition.

Reviewer: "custom functionality" doesn't speak to what you can do.

```suggestion
If you need to replace the queries in order to add a sort condition or more query fields, add the `resolve_query_scope` option to the resource definition.
```

```ruby
class UserResource < Avo::BaseResource
  self.resolve_query_scope = ->(model_class:) do
    model_class.order(last_name: :asc)
  end
end
```

### Custom find scope

> If you need to completely replace the record retrieving code, define the `resolve_find_scope` method on the resource definition.

Reviewer: We could replace it but we don't really want that. We want the user to change it.

```suggestion
If you need to add to the way of how a record is found, add the `resolve_find_scope` option to the resource definition.
```

```ruby
class UserResource < Avo::BaseResource
  self.resolve_find_scope = ->(model_class:) do
      model_class.friendly
  end
end
```

> You also have to define the `friendly_id` in the model definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also have to add the `friendly_id` configuration to the model definition.
```
